My grandmother was very sick.
I want to see my grandson-in-law every day
I can't provoke him anymore
So I can't divorce you for the time being.
If it is convenient for you
I would also like to invite you to the hospital to visit him
Just pretend to be married and loving
Wait until he gets better
I will definitely divorce you
Green
Can you call him directly?
Yeah, grandma. Yeah.
He will be busy with work
Sometimes it is not convenient to answer the phone.
That's right, Mr. Tang
If you see the message
Please reply to me, okay?
Mr. Tang, if you see the message
Ok thank you for agreeing to see my grandma
Excuse me, when will you come to my side to arrange?
It's hard to see you
But I don't want to see you.
Then I'll make an appointment.
I'll hand it to you when you come.
Tomorrow phase
When will the private message come back?
I don't know either, I'm Mr. Zheng
I sent you the address.
Please don't talk to grandma then.
Say we're getting a divorce
Thank you very much, Grandma.
I've already agreed with the voyage
Then I'll see you tomorrow afternoon.
Great ouch
Green
This is the first time I see my son-in-law. Do you want to clean up?
Oops, does this make a good impression?
Grandma, he is your grandson-in-law
Not a big leader
No need
In grandma's heart?
He is more important than the leader
I don't know if Hangjiang will tell me tomorrow.
clear
Xiaojiao